---
title: "2022-04-06"
---

# Welcome

Now that you've learned a bit about what to expect in the course and the Web Development Industry, where do you see yourself at the end of your 16-week journey?

- I see myself becoming a very competent front-end and back-end developer with a wide variety of coding skills.

What about 6 months from now?

- I want to have a job with a very collaborative development team and great company. I want to work on projects that get me excited to go to work every day.

or 1 year from now?

- Become a competent developer that can build web applications from scratch, and can add valuable experience to any development team.

Are you excited? Scared? Eager?

- A combination of all three. This is an exciting and challenging career path. No two days are the same.

What do you hope to accomplish?

- I hope to finish this bootcamp, get an incredible job, and one day start my own company. I would even love to build websites for smaller companies.

Can you foresee potential roadblocks?

- Software Development and Engineering is a tough career path. No doubt there will be times where I can't figure out problems, or have trouble learning new topics.

What can be done to prevent or circumvent them?

- Ask questions, stay positive, and always work hard. I'm a firm believer that everyone can code, they just need the right attitude.

Is there something that I, as your instructor, can do to help you on the road to success?

- Provide constructive feedback on all my projects, and help me figure out my strengths and weaknesses.
